Update links to cross-org registry sharing (#258)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/registry/using.mdx

Click **Providers** and **Modules** to toggle back and forth between lists of available providers and modules in the private registry. You can also use the search field to filter for titles that contain a specific keyword. The search does not include READMEs or resource details.

### Shared Providers and Modules - Terraform Enterprise

> On Terraform Enterprise, your [registry sharing](/enterprise/admin/application/registry-sharing) configuration may grant you access to providers and modules outside your organization. Providers and modules that are shared with your current organization have a **Shared** badge in the private registry (below). Providers and modules in your current organization that are shared with other organizations have a badge that says **Sharing**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Terraform Enterprise, your [registry sharing](/enterprise/admin/application/registry-sharing) configuration may grant you access to another organization's providers and modules. Providers and modules that are shared with your current organization have a **Shared** badge in the private registry (below). Providers and modules in your current organization that are shared with other organizations have a badge that says **Sharing**.
```
